Welcome to life
We are sorry to inform you that your previous presence ended on January 14, 2052
Because of traffic accident, but your consciousness has been successfully carried to the virtual life network
Posted by راعيك الصحي
You may feel some confusion, please stay calm, life contains
Your mood is adjusted to calm you down Please stay calm,
Life contains more than 30,000 unique activities, the ability to communicate with millions
People living in virtual life, and the possibility of communicating with family and friends in the real world
Please accept the terms and conditions to be able to complete life, and you are attracted
Specifically for Section II: Laws of Use and Restrictions, Section IX: Privacy
Section 11: Limited Mental Activities
Thank you.
Please select a package of life features. The first class is our exceptional offer, allowing simulation testing
Complete your life before death without interruption. This offer includes the possibility of making endless adjustments to your body
Get fast learning capability, iron memory and several backup copies of your own
Tier 2: Our offer is supported by advertisers. This offer includes many first-class features
But at a much reduced price. Some areas of nature may be replaced as names
With targeted ads, and your favorite items may be changed
To those that flow our advertisers.
Third class: our savings offer. Thanks to our advertising partners, your period of use will be
In this degree is unlimited, but some activities, sensations and visual sights will be limited
Fair use policy. Some complex mental processes such as thinking unconsciously,
Creativity and self-awareness will be limited to a certain extent or will stop in times of stress on servers
* Failure to disclose the balance *
Thank you
Your brain contains some patterns that contravene the Convention on Crime Prevention
And the terrorist attacks of 2050, please wait while we adjust these patterns
Your brain contains 124,564 files protected by copyright, so you can remember
These files are protected and you must pay a monthly license fee of $ 18,000
Do you remember these files?
Thanks, please wait
Hello in life, would you like to follow up?
Translation: aLFr7an